Freshmarketer updates (#967)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/freshmarketer.mdx

For more information on your organization URL and how to change it, refer to this <a href="https://support.freshworks.com/en/support/solutions/articles/50000002731-what-is-and-how-can-i-change-my-organization-url-">Freshmarketer support guide</a>.
</div>

> - **Map your events with Freshmarketer Standard Events**: Use this setting to map the standard Freshmarketer events with custom event names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Map your events with Freshmarketer Standard Events**: Use this setting to map the standard Freshmarketer events with the custom event names.
```

  endDate: "2022-06-04T17:30:00+05:30",
  ownerId: "70054866612",
});
```

The following table lists the property mappings betweeen RudderStack and Freshmarketer for sales activity events:

| RudderStack property          | Freshmarketer property|
| :-------------------- | :---------------------- |
| `properties.salesActivityName` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>| `sales_activity_name` |
| `properties.title` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>   | `title`            |
| `properties.salesActivityTypeId`   <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>    | `sales_activity_type_id`             | 
| `salesActivityOutcomeId`   <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `sales_activity_outcome_id`              |
| `properties.startDate` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `start_date`        |
| `properties.endDate`  <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `end_date`      | 
| `properties.notes`    | `notes`      |
| `properties.ownerId` | `owner_id`| 
| `context.externalId.id`     | `targetable_id`           |

> | `properties.products`       | `targetable_type`             |

Reviewer 2: `context.externalId.type` -> `targetable_type`

| `traits.job_title`<br/>  `traits.jobTitle`<br/>  `context.traits.job_title`<br/>  `context.traits.jobTitle` | `job_title` |
| `traits.phone`<br/>  `context.traits.phone` | `work_number` |
| `userId` | `external_id` | 
| `traits.mobileNumber`<br/>  `context.traits.mobileNumber` | `mobile_number` | 
| `traits.address`<br/>  `context.traits.address` | `address` | 
| `traits.address.city`<br/>  `traits.city`<br/>  `context.traits.address.city`<br/>  `context.traits.city` | `city` |
| `traits.address.state`<br/>  `traits.state`<br/>  `context.traits.address.state`<br/>  `context.traits.state` | `state` |
| `traits.address.postalCode`<br/>  `traits.zip`<br/>  `traits.zipcode`<br/>  `context.traits.zip`<br/>  `context.traits.zipcode`<br/>  `context.traits.address.postalCode` | `zipcode` |
| `traits.address.country`<br/>  `traits.country`<br/>  `context.traits.address.country`<br/>  `context.traits.country` | `country` |
| `traits.salesAccounts`<br/>  `context.traits.salesAccounts` | `sales_accounts` |
| `traits.territoryId`<br/>  `context.traits.territoryId` | `territory_id` |
| `traits.leadSourceId`<br/>  `context.traits.leadSourceId` | `lead_source_id` |

> | `traits.ownerId`<br/>  `context.traits.ownerId` | `owner_id` |

Reviewer 2: `owner_id ` is a required field.

  phone: "+1-202-555-0146",
  owner_id: "70000090119",
});
```

The following table lists the property mappings betweeen RudderStack and Freshmarketer for lifecycle stage events:

| RudderStack property          | Freshmarketer property|
| :-------------------- | :---------------------- |
| `email` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>| `email` |
| `lifecycleStageName` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required, if lifecycleStageId is absent.</span>  | `lifecycleStageName`  |
| `lifecycleStageId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required, if lifecycleStageName is absent.</span>   | `lifecycle_stage_id`  |

### Sales activities

[Sales activities](https://developers.freshworks.com/crm/api/#sales-activities) events can be used to track any activity related to a contact/deal/account. Refer to the [Freshsales documentation](https://support.freshsales.io/en/support/solutions/articles/230199-how-to-configure-different-sales-activities-in-freshsales-) to create sales activities  in Freshmarketer.

RudderStack lets you create the status of a contact by using either the `salesActivityTypeId` or `salesActivityName`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we write this in quotes?

> If `targetable_type` is contact, then either of `targetable_id` or `email` is required.

A sample `track` call for a sales activity event is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("eventName", {
  salesActivityTypeId: "70000663932",
  title: "new contact",
  startDate: "2021-05-04T17:00:00+05:30",
  endDate: "2022-06-04T17:30:00+05:30",
  ownerId: "70054866612",
});
```

The following table lists the property mappings betweeen RudderStack and Freshmarketer for sales activity events:

| RudderStack property          | Freshmarketer property|
| :-------------------- | :---------------------- |

> | `properties.salesActivityName` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>| `sales_activity_name` |

Reviewer 2: required if `salesActivityTypeId` is not present.

| `properties.title` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>   | `title`            |

> | `properties.salesActivityTypeId`   <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>    | `sales_activity_type_id`             | 

Reviewer 2: required if `sales_activity_name` is not present.

> | `salesActivityOutcomeId`   <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `sales_activity_outcome_id`              |

Reviewer 2: `sales_activity_type_id`  and `sales_activity_outcome_id`  are not required fields.

Reviewer 2: either `salesActivityTypeId` or `salesActivityName` is required.

| `properties.startDate` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `start_date`        |
| `properties.endDate`  <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span>  | `end_date`      | 
| `properties.notes`    | `notes`      |

> | `properties.ownerId` | `owner_id`| 

Reviewer 2: `owner_id` is a required field.

| `context.externalId.id`     | `targetable_id`           |

> | `context.externalId.type`       | `targetable_type`             |

Reviewer 2: `targetable_type`  is a required field.

| `traits.ownerId`<br/>  `context.traits.ownerId` | `owner_id` |
| `traits.subscriptionTypes`<br/>  `context.traits.subscriptionTypes` | `subscription_types` |
| `traits.medium`<br/>  `context.traits.medium` | `medium` | 
| `traits.campaignId`<br/>  `traits.campaign_id`<br/>  `context.traits.campaignId`<br/>  `context.traits.campaign_id`<br/>  `context.campaign.name` | `campaign_id` | 
| `traits.keyword`<br/>  `context.traits.keyword`<br/>  `context.campaign.term` | `keyword` |
| `traits.timeZone`<br/>  `context.traits.timeZone` | `time_zone` |
| `traits.facebookUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.facebookUserName` | `facebook` |
| `traits.twitterUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.twitterUserName` | `twitter` |
| `traits.linkedinUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.linkedinUserName` | `linkedin` |
| `createdAt` | `created_at` | 
| `timestamp` | `updated_at` | 
| `traits.contactStatusId`<br/>  `context.traits.contactStatusId` | `contact_status_id` |
| `traits.salesAccountId`<br/>  `context.traits.salesAccountId` | `sales_account_id` |
| `traits.lifecycleStageId`<br/>  `context.traits.lifecycleStageId` | `lifecycle_stage_id` |

## Track
  

> The <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call can be used to track the user activities in Freshmarketer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the RudderStack <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to track the user activities in Freshmarketer.
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> <code class="inline-code">event</code> is a required field for making a <code class="inline-code">track</code> call.

Reviewer: Do we mean the event name is mandatory in the `track` calls sent to Freshmarketer? @sauravlal15 @ishachopra0401

Reviewer 2: Yes, an event is required. Here event is basically eventMapping which we can set from RudderStack Dashboard. So, Once the user selects its event from RudderStack Dashboard, we can make the call accordingly.

| `traits.keyword`<br/>  `context.traits.keyword`<br/>  `context.campaign.term` | `keyword` |
| `traits.timeZone`<br/>  `context.traits.timeZone` | `time_zone` |
| `traits.facebookUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.facebookUserName` | `facebook` |
| `traits.twitterUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.twitterUserName` | `twitter` |
| `traits.linkedinUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.linkedinUserName` | `linkedin` |
| `createdAt` | `created_at` | 
| `timestamp` | `updated_at` | 
| `traits.contactStatusId`<br/>  `context.traits.contactStatusId` | `contact_status_id` |
| `traits.salesAccountId`<br/>  `context.traits.salesAccountId` | `sales_account_id` |
| `traits.lifecycleStageId`<br/>  `context.traits.lifecycleStageId` | `lifecycle_stage_id` |

## Track
  
You can use the RudderStack <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to track the user activities in Freshmarketer.

<div class="infoBlock">
To make a <code class="inline-code">track</code> call successfully, you must map the event to be sent in the <code class="inline-code">track</code> call in the <strong>Map your events with Freshmarketer Standard Events</strong> dashboard setting.
</div>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| `traits.keyword`<br/>  `context.traits.keyword`<br/>  `context.campaign.term` | `keyword` |
| `traits.timeZone`<br/>  `context.traits.timeZone` | `time_zone` |
| `traits.facebookUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.facebookUserName` | `facebook` |
| `traits.twitterUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.twitterUserName` | `twitter` |
| `traits.linkedinUserName`<br/>  `context.traits.linkedinUserName` | `linkedin` |
| `createdAt` | `created_at` | 
| `timestamp` | `updated_at` | 
| `traits.contactStatusId`<br/>  `context.traits.contactStatusId` | `contact_status_id` |
| `traits.salesAccountId`<br/>  `context.traits.salesAccountId` | `sales_account_id` |
| `traits.lifecycleStageId`<br/>  `context.traits.lifecycleStageId` | `lifecycle_stage_id` |

## Track
  
You can use the RudderStack <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call to track the user activities in Freshmarketer.

<div class="infoBlock">
To make a <code class="inline-code">track</code> call successfully, you must map the event to be sent in the <code class="inline-code">track</code> call in the <strong>Map your events with Freshmarketer Standard Events</strong> dashboard setting.
</div>

> Yes, an event is required. Here event is basically eventMapping which we can set from RudderStack Dashboard. So, Once the user selects its event from RudderStack Dashboard, we can make the call accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

<div class="infoBlock">
<ul>

> <li>If <code class="inline-code">name</code> already exists, the Freshmarketer account details are updated. Otherwise, a new account is created.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>If <code class="inline-code">name</code> already exists, RudderStack updates the Freshmarketer account details. Otherwise, it creates a new account in Freshmarketer.</li>
```

| `traits.state`<br/> `traits.address.state`<br/> `context.traits.state`<br/> `context.traits.address.state` | `state` |
| `traits.country`<br/> `traits.address.country`<br/> `context.traits.country`<br/> `context.traits.address.country` | `country` |
| `zipcode` | `zipcode` | 
| `traits.website`<br/>`context.traits.website` | `website` | 
| `traits.territoryId`<br/>`context.traits.territoryId` | `territory_id` | 
| `traits.parentSalesAccountid`<br/>`context.traits.parentSalesAccountid` | `parent_sales_account_id` | 
| `traits.ownerId`<br/>`context.traits.ownerId` | `ownerId` | 
| `traits.facebookUserName`<br/> `context.traits.facebookUserName` | `facebook` | 
| `traits.twitterUserName`<br/> `context.traits.twitterUserName` | `twitter` | 
| `traits.linkedinUserName`<br/> `context.traits.linkedinUserName` | `linkedin` | 
| `createdAt` | `created_at` | 
| `timestamp` | `updated_at` | 

### Marketing lists

[Marketing lists](https://developers.freshworks.com/crm/api/#marketing-lists) help you group contacts into lists which you can quickly invoke for marketing campaigns and bulk emailing.

> RudderStack lets you add one or more contacts to the specified marketing list. To do so, you need to provide the contact's `email` and `listId`/`listName`. Also, RudderStack creates a new marketing list if the `listName` (case-sensitive) does not exist already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack lets you add one or more contacts to a specified marketing list. To do so, you need to provide the contact's `email` and `listId`/`listName`. Also, RudderStack creates a new marketing list if the `listName` (case-sensitive) does not exist already.
```
